ok so now we're going to make a paper
origami dolphin first we take our
dolphin featured paper and we flip it so
that the bottom is at the bottom facing
upwards next we're going to fold the
paper in half from left to right in a
diagonal I'm going to crease it so
crease it really well and then we're
going to open it back up next we're
going to take these two corners and
we're going to fold these edges to the
middle so we're going to take the top
edge and we're going to fold it into the
middle and we're going to take the right
edge and fold it into the middle so that
is a nice ice-cream cone kind of shape
next we're going to take corners a and B
and we're going to fold these edges into
the middle as well so we're going to
take corner a and we're going to follow
the lines and fold it into the middle
like that I'm going to take corner B and
this edge and fold it to the middle so
it looks like we have two dolphins
sitting next to each other next we're
going to take this paper and we're going
to fold it in half backwards so we're
going to take this and we're going to
fold it in half backwards and so the
tops meet at the top point and we're
going to fold it in half next we're
going to take our finger and we're going
to slide it into this pocket the top
pocket and we're going to pull out the
flap that's inside next we're going to
fold along the tip along this dotted
line so that we can create the Dolphins
fins and then we can push it to the
right so we have the Dolphins fin and
we're going to do the same thing on the
other side so we slip our finger in pull
out the flap and then fold along
dotted line so that we get a pointy tip
coming out and we can put it back this
time to the left side and so you can see
the Dolphins fins are done next we're
going to do an inside reverse fold to
finish the head so basically we're going
to open up the paper and we're going to
tuck this paper in along the dotted line
and we're going to fold it
so that the paper is inside the tip is
inside and then we're going to do the
tail in the tail we're going to also do
it inside reverse fold but first we're
going to crease this to help us so we're
going to crease along this line that's
printed and we're going to crease it and
we're going to UNCHR esit and you can
also kind of fold it backwards this way
so it's creased really really well then
we're going to open up our dolphin and
we're going to push the paper in words
so that it turns up like that and we're
going to squish it together and we can
follow the creases that we made
previously next we're going to make the
tail a little bit more special first
we're going to take our scissors and
then along the tail there's a solid
white line like this so we're going to
cut along the solid white line and stop
where it stops so we took a little snip
then we're going to take the top flap of
that and we're going just to make a
little v-shape with the tail and then
our dolphin is finished you can put it
along with our stuff other fish to our
play net